here's what's going on at the movies
who's Elliot flying into theaters this
weekend is Pete's dragon a fantastic
family adventure about a boy and his
fire-breathing best friend for a dose of
inspiration check out Florence Foster
Jenkins
the true story of an heiress who wasn't
afraid to chase her dreams go to
Florence you must go on
the r-rated animated comedy sausage
party serves up a twisted tale of one
hot dog search for the truth and folks
this one's definitely not for kids and
finally let's find out what's hot in
theaters this weekend with this week's
fantasy patience
so what's your weekend ticket going to
be let us know in the comments below
we'll see you next time on weekend
ticket
you